# **Bargain Bin Beats**
Bargain Bin Beats is an interactive music player built to help users discover new music. After inputting up to three genres they wish to see, users are treated to a huge pool of songs to swipe through. Each song automatically plays a short preview to help them decide if they want to keep it, or throw it away. If the user loves the song, they can add it to their playlist by pressing the "add" button or swiping to the right; if they don't, swiping to the left or pressing skip discards the song, allowing them to move on to the next. When they are satisfied with their collection, clicking done shows off their new playlist. From the end screen, the user can either restart or export their playlist to spotify.

## Our Goals
When first starting our project we had a few features we wanted to implement:
- [x] Random songs from the Spotify API
- [x] Genre selection
- [x] Swiping
- [x] Exporting playlists to Spotify
- [ ] Saving playlists locally

While we were never quite able to implement local storage for playlists, we chose to scrap the feature anyway. From our user tests exporting seemed to be a better alternative regardless.

## Getting Started
Modifying our project requires the Flutter framework. Visit the [Flutter Install Page](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install?gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAjwoa2xBhACEiwA1sb1BEl_EE9_hc6iC4FWZ_pqyJeOjE9lnMiZd5whcc7HBb6hdIsvJ3yMGBoCTZsQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) to download it.

## The Code
### songHandler
SongHandler is the backend code for interfacing with Spotify. It manages API calls along with the song objects we create from the track data fetched from Spotify. Songs are gathered, randomized, and placed into the final list for the user's swiping.
### genreSelectionPage
From a user perspective, this file allows them to choose the genres they want to listen to. On the backend, it converts the user's choices to a list of genres which is sent to songHandler for the API calls.
### tutorialPage
The tutorial allows the user to get a feel for the actions they can take while in the app. They can play around with swiping and using the add and skip button for as long as they want. When the user has a handle on our app, they can press done to continue to the real deal.
### tinderPage
tinderPage is where the meat of the UI is handled. All the song cards, the swiping mechanics, audio playing, and the song player are included in this file. The playlist generated by the user during this step is sent off to ExportPage.
### ExportPage
The user-generated playlist is sent to Spotify. They are asked to give a name and a description to their playlist (though descriptions can be blank) and the appropriate playlist is created in our app-run Spotify account. From there the user is prompted to click on a url to our Spotify, where they can copy the playlist to their account.


## Acknowledgements
We would like to give credit to the json assets, music, and code we utilized

Link to homePage logo from Lottie: https://lottiefiles.com/animations/girl-listening-to-music-taLUHBXg1O 


